Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Are you religious? Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Somebody call the cops, because it's got to be illegal to look that good!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Thank god I'm wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Pinch me, you're so fine I must be dreaming.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are... gorgeous!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've met you only in my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you know what would look great on you? My arms!
You hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
Even if there was no gravity on planet Earth, I would still fall for you.
Whenever I count my blessings, I count you multiple times.
If I can't be with you in reality, then at least let me be with you in your dreams.
There is nothing sweeter than the beauty of your face.
You're like WiFi. You make me want to connect to you.
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be in prison for life!
Like an unsharpened pencil, life without you is pointless!
After all this time, I thought happiness started with an ‘H'. I just figured now that it actually starts with ‘U'.
I wish I was your handbag, so that I'll always be by your side.
I'm calling the cops! I'm pretty sure it's illegal to look as good as you.
I'm certain that when God created you, he was trying to show off.
In this world, there are things that money can't buy. You seem to be one of those things.
I guarantee you-I'm not flirting with you! I'm just being extra nice to someone who's extra attractive.
I was feeling a bit OFF the whole day. But then, you showed up and turned me ON.
I'm horribly lost. Can you give me the directions to your heart?
You must be exhausted running in my mind all day long.
I'm warning you-I'm a thief and I'm here to steal your heart!
I'm going to the optometrist to get my eyes checked. For some reason, I can't take them off of you.
I would say ‘God bless you', but it seems like he already did.
If I could just rearrange the alphabet, I would definitely put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I love your smile, but I love it more whenever I'm the reason behind it.
Oh, you have something on your face. Wait, it's just the most beautiful smile I have ever seen.
Please tell me your name so that I can ask Santa Claus that you're the one I want for Christmas.
I might need a pair of sunglasses because your smile is too dazzling for me.
Hi, my name is *insert your name here*. You better remember it because you'll be screaming it tonight.
My future children need your DNA!
Damn, girl, your bone structure is giving my bone-structure.
I wish I was your favorite chair, so you can always sit on me.
Hey there, my greetings and salivations!
There's some food near your mouth. Here, let me lick it off for you.
If I flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head?
I'd like to be a lollipop that would stick on your lips and melt in your mouth.
Between your thighs is where I'm supposed to be.
You must have psychic powers. You just made a part of me move even without any physical contact from you.
I don't really enjoy watching sunsets, but I would love to see you go down on me.
Are you poster? That's because I want to pin you on the wall.
It is known throughout the world that kissing is the language of love. Would you like to have meaningful conversation with me right now?
I seem to have lost my tongue. Can I have yours in my mouth instead?
Whoa there, stop staring at me Medusa! You're making me rock hard!
You must be a gamer. Do you want to play with my joystick?
I'm putting you on my to-do list for tonight.
Do you want to do what bunnies do, if you know what I mean?
Sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between us.
My bed broke last night. Can I sleep in yours tonight?
Waaah! I'm on fire! Can I run through your sprinkler?
I'm here for a job. Do you have an opening I can fill?
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bed rock!
Let's do an experiment and see how well our genes mix.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
How would you like your eggs? Scrambled, over-easy, sunny-side up, or...fertilized?
I love by bed so much, but I'd rather be on yours.
Excuse me, miss. Do we have a common friend that can get both of us acquainted with one other?
Mind if I ask what the state of heaven was when you left it?
All this time, I thought I was invincible. But then, you came and beat me with your smile.
I think I just saw you on the cover of Cosmopolitan.
I have a favor to ask you. Can you touch me so that I can tell my friends that I was touched by an angel?
Do you have a name, or can I just call you mine?
Did the sun just come out, or did you just flash your smile at me?
Is it hot in here, or is it just you?
Your lips look lonely? Would they like to meet with mine?
You know what's beautiful? The first word I said.
Do you have any idea what my shirt is made of? Right, it's made of boyfriend material.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk before you again?
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Do you know what would look good as an extension to your name? My surname!
Aside from being sexy all day long, what do you do for a living?
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
If nothing lasts forever, then would you be my nothing?
What's a magnificent work of art doing here? Wait, am I in a museum?
Help! My leg just broke after I fell for you.
Will you allow me to take a photo of you? I just want to prove to my friends that angels do exist.
Can you tell me home address? I just would like to know where I'm going to live in the future.
I think I've seen you somewhere before. Oh, weren't we happily married in our previous lives?
Can you please pinch my cheeks? I'd like to make sure that this is not a dream, and the girl of my dreams is actually here in front of me.
Is there an airport nearby, or is that just my heart taking off?
Let's play a game. If you want to go on a date with me, smile! If not, then do a hundred back flips.
If you ever feel cold, you can always use me as your jacket.
I can't do magic, but I can do you.
Did you just on a mound of sugar? That's because you've got a pretty sweet ass.
You look really familiar. Oh, you're my future girlfriend/wife.
Oh crap, my heart is leaving my body. It says it wants to belong to you.
May I borrow your phone for second? I would like to call my parents and tell them that I finally met the girl of my dreams.
I like how you look at me. Now, let's see how you talk.
It's not my fault I fell in love with you. You're the one who tripped me.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you are 9, and I'm the 1 you need in your life.
Girl, you're really doing those trousers a favor!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still walk the Earth right?
Truth be told, you're making the other women here look average.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
You're so pretty that you made me forget my pick-up line.
I may not be a photographer, but I can picture you and me together perfectly.
I'll give you a kiss, but promise me that you'll return it, okay?
I really want to follow you home. That's because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
I can't find my phone number anywhere. Can I have yours instead?
There's only one thing that I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
You're pretty and I'm cute. Together, we'd be PRETTY CUTE!
If I told you that you've got a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
You must be a broom, because you just swept me off my feet.
You must have been a very naughty angel that they kicked you out of heaven.
Please tell your mom that I want her to be my mother-in-law.
Hey, you owe me some money. All this time, you've been living in my heart without paying rent!
There's something wrong with my phone's auto-correct function. Every time I input your name, it changes to ‘future girlfriend/wife'.
If I was a cat, I'd spend all of my nine lives with you.
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well, apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
Was your father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your mother a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
 Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.
Have you been to the doctor’s lately? Cause I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but isn’t your name Richard?
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
Nice shirt! What’s it made out of, boyfriend material?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘I’ and ‘U’ together.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these girls crazy?
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
Can I walk you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am still living, but heaven has been brought to me.
Can I borrow a kiss? I swear I’ll give it back.
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
You are like my favorite cup of coffee, hot and lip-smacking!
Do you like Star Wars? Because yoda only one for me!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you know what would look really good on you? Me.
Do you believe in love at first sight — or should I walk by again?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you’re sexy!
I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
I don’t need Twitter, I’m already following you.
Give me your name so I know what to scream tonight.
You’re definitely on my to-do list tonight.
Are you feeling a little down? I can help feel you up.
I lost my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you tonight?
Know what’s on the menu? Me ‘n’ u.
Your body is a wonderland and I want to be Alice.
Your lips look lonely. Let me introduce them to mine.
Are you a fireman? Because you came in hot and left me wet.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
Life without you is like a broken pencil…pointless.
I’m going to give you a kiss. If you don’t like it, just return it.
You’re kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Are you the online order I placed a few days ago? ‘Cuz I’ve been waiting for you all day.
Hey, can you help me get to a Doctor? My heart keeps skipping a beat when I’m with you.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you a football player? Because I’d like you touchdown there!
Are you a supermarket sample? ‘Cuz I wanna taste you again and again without any sense of shame.
You must be a vodka shot, because you hit me hard and spun my world around.
Let’s save water by taking a shower together.
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
That’s a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
Your hand looks heavy can I hold it for you?
You look so familiar… didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.
There must be a light switch on my forehead because every time I see you, you turn me on!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy in my hand.
Do you want to be my dirty little secret?
You look familiar. Did you graduate from ‘The University of Handsome Men’?
Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!
You’re hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it for me to see if it rings?
I’m going to have to report Spotify…Because I didn’t see you in my hottest singles last week.
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Because you look like a snack.
“Before you kissed me only winds of heaven Had kissed me, and the tenderness of rain –Now you have come, how can I care for kisses Like theirs again?…” (Sara Teasdale)
“i knew you before i met you. i’ve known you my whole life.” (Nayyirah Waheed)
“Is it too late to touch you, Dear? We this moment knew Love Marine and Love terrene Love celestial too…” (Emily Dickinson)
“You are a unicorn beyond my Minotaur. You are a eureka beyond my maitai. You are a Yuletide beyond my minesweeper. You are a euphemism beyond my myna bird.” (Harryette Mullen)
“you might not have been my first love but you were the love that made all other loves seem irrelevant. (Rupi Kaur)
“How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight For the ends of being and ideal grace.” (Elizabeth Barrett Browning)
“I dreamed that you bewitched me into bed And sung me moon-struck, kissed me quite insane. (I think I made you up inside my head.).” (Sylvia Plath)
“I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed & that necessary.” (Margaret Atwood)
“All I ever wanted was to sit by a fire with someone who wanted me in measure the same to my wanting. To want to make a fire with someone, with you, was all.” (Katie Ford)
“I have to tell you, there are times when the sun strikes me like a gong, and I remember everything, even your ears.” (Dorothea Grossman)
“My river runs to thee. Blue sea, wilt thou welcome me? My river awaits reply. Oh! Sea, look graciously…” (Emily Dickinson)
“I don’t bite, you know… unless it’s called for.” (Charade)
“Was that cannon fire, or is my heart pounding?” (Casablanca)
“Take me to bed or lose me forever.” (Top Gun)
“I appreciate this whole seduction thing you’ve got going on here, but let me give you a tip: I’m a sure thing.” (Pretty Woman)
“I gotta warn ya, every man I’ve ever gone out with has been ruined.” (Bugsy)
“I know what I want, because I have it in my hands right now. You.” (P.S. I Love You)
“Why don’t you come up and see me sometime?” (She Done Him Wrong)
“You don’t know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do.” (Who Framed Roger Rabbit)
“I’d like to kiss you but I just washed my hair.” (The Cabin in the Cotton)
“You’re, like, the coolest person I’ve ever met and you don’t even have to try.” (Juno)
“You give me premature ventricular contractions. You make my heart skip a beat.” (No Strings Attached)
“Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.” (Casablanca)
“I’ve fallen in love. I’m an ordinary woman. I didn’t think such violent things could happen to ordinary people.” (Brief Encounter)
“I guess when you’re young, you just believe there’ll be many people…you’ll connect with. Later in life, you realize it only happens a few times.” (Before Sunset)
“Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.” (Unknown)
“Do you have a name or can I call you mine?” (Unknown)
I’ll have what you’re having.
Should I walk by again or have you already realized I’m your soulmate?
They say if you share a PSL with someone it means you’re tied for life. Want a sip?
Is that a mistletoe above your head or are you about to kiss me?
I have some Hanukkah gelt in my pocket, want to help me find it?
What’s that wonderful scent you’re wearing? Oh! That’s just you? I love it.
Want to spin a dreidel with me?
I’d never play hide and seek with you, because someone like you is impossible to find.
I would take you to the movies, but they don’t allow snacks.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
Do you have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Go ahead, feel my shirt. It's made of boyfriend material!
If you were a Transformer you'd be Optimus Fine!
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk past you again?
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Because mine was just stolen!
Can I follow you where you're going right now? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams!
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away!
If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!
Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you're the best a man can get!
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean. And I don't mind being lost at sea!
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be named the McGorgeous!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile!
Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?
Are you a loan? 'Cause you've got my interest!
I'm in the mood for pizza. A pizza you, that is!
Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you're a cutie!
You're so sweet, you'd put Hershey's out of business!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you were a phaser on Star Trek, you'd be set to stun!
Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.
There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only Ten I See.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful person in the club. What should we do with their money?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes for the genie?
Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've only met you in my dreams.
You must be made of cheese. Because you're looking Gouda tonight!
I'm glad I remembered to bring my library card. 'Cause I am totally checking you out!
If you were a vegetable, you would be a cute-cumber!
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair!
Do you work at Dick's? Because you're sporting the goods!
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie!
Aside from being drop-dead gorgeous, what do you do for a living?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place?
Kiss me if I'm wrong. But dinosaurs still exist, right?
You owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine!
Want a raisin? No? Well, how about a date?
You must be a high test score. Because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I may not be a photographer. But I can totally picture us together.
You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Was your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
I want our love to be like the number Pi: irrational and never-ending.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other.
If you were words on a page you'd be the fine print.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
You are the reason even Santa has a naughty list.
Where have I seen you before? Oh yeah, I remember now. It was in the dictionary next to the word GORGEOUS!
Don't tell me if you want me to take you out to dinner. Just smile for yes, or do a backflip/somersault/counter-spin gymnastics combination for no.
I wasn't always religious. But I am now, because you're the answer to all my prayers.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
You must be exhausted. You've been running through my mind all day.